{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
Electrophysiology Analysis READ-ME\
\
Welcome! You have all you need to look at every last inch of my electrophysiological data in this folder. Included in this folder are MATLAB scripts and workspaces for each individual neuron included in this manuscript as well as the group analysis by cell type (for generating plots by cell type, i.e. for apparent reversal potentials vs distance, directional sensitivity scatter plots, and summation arithmetic scatter plots). Running these scripts will, indeed, require some knowledge of MATLAB. If you wish to peruse the raw data alongside my recordings, please refer to the Raw Data and Metadata Folders.\
\
Importantly, the MATLAB workspaces 
\i already
\i0  include all of the raw data (.abf files were loaded as voltage time series) needed for these analysis. It is not necessary to upload the .abf files from scratch as denoted in the MATLAB scripts for the individual neurons. However, you may do so if you wish \'97 you will have to add the the appropriate .abf files to your path (see Raw Data and Metadata folders to open that can of worms). It is necessary that the folder \'93MATLAB Functions\'94 be added to your path prior to running any sections of the script. It is inadvisable to simply \'93run\'94 the entire script; please run desired sections individually (the sections are not dependent upon each other if the workspace is properly loaded).\
\
\
Thanks and good luck!\
\
}